good morning after two days notice that in
playa del carmen there is a diver who
known as the pain chin since it makes
years realized that in front of
Playa del Carmen arrived a group of
sharks bull females kiss to dive with
them later to feed them and now
takes many tourists becoming
part of the economic activity in
Playa del Carmen but it is impressive
how do you feed them these
sharks without safety measures what
reason you know
Y
we know it as the Chinese loria
some believe he is crazy
they are fascinated by sharks
go down to the seabed to give them
eat
15 years ago during a dive Jorge the
Oria Belt discovered that a group of
bull sharks arrives in front of playa del
carmen quintana roo
they were very fat tribunes they were
pregnant then we believe that
come near areas to have their
offspring
the beach divers del carmen were given
account that between 15 and 20 females arrive
in the month of November and they retire in
March
the pain has already started to bring tourists
looking for extreme experiences up
the area where the
bull sharks
it's a sport it 's a is starting to
do right now is really interesting the
sharks are not as dangerous as
people think but if we should take
certain security measures because the
we are bringing with weights
invited us to dive to record as
feed the sharks without
steel cage protection only
use a mesh
the dress code is very
important of three dark colors nothing
Contrast does not move the hands much
beware of cameras
give us some recommendations
of what diving is, how are we going to get off
how are we going to behave and that's when
we started swallowing the sharks the
smell already checked his equipment and started to
descend carrying a container
Inside, there were pieces of fish
and blood
we come to the place where he usually
feed them
It is located half a kilometer from the
coast at a depth of 24 meters
on the seabed there is a rope
we must hold on to it and keep
without making sudden movements
the chinese loria opened the container and
started to take the fish out the blood
immediately attracted sharks
the observation lasted 20 minutes we had to
the view a few meters to this
species that can measure almost 4 meters
long and weigh up to 350 kilos
4 meters deep and is a
unforgettable experience to be with this
huge
if you have a very important risk but
as I tell you things well taken
can be done and if it is extremely
important to regulate the activity there
many places or a link for example
in juba in fiji in bahamas but always
rules to be diving this activity
took rise in Playa del Carmen several
dive companies promote the
observation of bull shark
in general the different species of
shark face a crisis because of
overfishing the Asian market promotes
predation encouraging the purchase of
the fins under the argument that they are
aphrodisiacs
and the experience of the providers of
service at playa del carmen demonstrates
that is worth more a shark alive than dead
city
I
and they went up to the floors of the building
difficult in your email we use the
top visitors
specific
because we will
mexico and his analysis let loose
defense of you in the desert bag blinding
his observation attracts tourists who
they make an important spill
economic in lodging food
transport equipment rental and guides
without forgetting that its conservation of this
great predator is important for the
food chain in the seas and
oceans
it's not incredible incredible it was a
very father experience this heat that the
sharks at that moment get excited
there was not much breathing for there to be
many bubbles do so many
movements but that being there is a
incredible experience with those animals
and what they explained to me to have an animal
of these alive I get to him every year
feeds the hotel operator to the
guide to this from the boat the Alcazar
besides a live shark that one married
for the fins there are many
thank you for holy mondragon days